README.md, before:

# Flix

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

📝 `NOTE - PASTE PART 2 SNIPPET HERE:` Paste the README template for part 2 of this assignment here at the top. This will show a history of your development process, which users stories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.

---

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories
`TODO://` In the **User Stories section below**, add an `x` in the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after checking off completed user stories)

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [x] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [x] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF
`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walkthough `gif` in the image tag below, `YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE`. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after after adding gif)

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/e37ZS3ZPjeNfJ093ff/giphy.gif" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

Commit message:

Updated readme with Flix part 2

README.md, after:

# Flix
## Flix Part 2

### User Stories

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (5pts) User can tap a cell to see more details about a particular movie.
- [x] (5pts) User can tap a tab bar button to view a grid layout of Movie Posters using a CollectionView.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pts) User can tap a poster in the collection view to see a detail screen of that movie.
- [ ] (2pts) In the detail view, when the user taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer.

### App Walkthrough GIF
`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walkthough `gif` in the image tag below, `YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE`. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after after adding gif)

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/FVNsylrdMREtRuOb09/giphy.gif" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

Flix is an app that allows users to browse movies from the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

📝 `NOTE - PASTE PART 2 SNIPPET HERE:` Paste the README template for part 2 of this assignment here at the top. This will show a history of your development process, which users stories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.

---

## Flix Part 1

### User Stories
`TODO://` In the **User Stories section below**, add an `x` in the `-[ ]` like this `- [x]` for any user story you complete. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after checking off completed user stories)

#### REQUIRED (10pts)
- [x] (2pts) User sees an app icon on the home screen and a styled launch screen.
- [x] (5pts) User can view and scroll through a list of movies now playing in theaters.
- [x] (3pts) User can view the movie poster image for each movie.

#### BONUS
- [ ] (2pt) User can view the app on various device sizes and orientations.
- [ ] (1pt) Run your app on a real device.

### App Walkthrough GIF
`TODO://` Add the URL to your animated app walkthough `gif` in the image tag below, `YOUR_GIF_URL_HERE`. Make sure the gif actually renders and animates when viewing this README. (🚫 Remove this paragraph after after adding gif)

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/e37ZS3ZPjeNfJ093ff/giphy.gif" width=250><br>

### Notes
Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
